hey guys walking back country calm back
here again in the wonderful Brighton
back country use here to talk about the
new bull a v8 ski they brought this out
to be kind of a comparison to the
charger but way lighter and way easier
to tour on to distinguish it a little
bit differently from the charger tricked
out the v8 by giving it a nice cap
construction and Alvis wood core no not
the albus dumbledore but it's actually a
deviation of the poplar tree definitely
gives it a lot of spring with a lot less
weight if you could see really nice
splay tip rocker a little bit of taper
here it could definitely float really
well especially in these wind buff
conditions the 186 centimeter length has
around a 115 millimeter waist to it
definitely a little bit more towards the
soft snow side but it can definitely get
down the harder stuff as well also we've
got carbon fiber built into the bottom
of the ski so that it remains
lightweight so you guys can you know do
those long tours and not feel so dogged
by the end of them so I'd recommend this
or any of freeride touring guys and gals
out there you definitely love the big
lines and your even bigger powder days I
actually took these skis out on one of
those cute right back behind me
there's about six to eight inches of
either wind buffed or wind deposited and
the v8 definitely kept me floating real
well the sweet spot really nice right in
the center of the skis so any real no
fall areas we're super easy for me not
only that but getting there was a cinch
effort wise because of its weight so if
you guys have any questions about the
boy PhD or anything else we've got go
onto backcountry comm call chat in and
our knowledgeable gear heads will help
you with anything that you need see on
the skin track